hi everyone this is Paul J. Adam
and I'm recording a demonstration video
to show you how to use the VoiceOver Practice
feature in the VoiceOver Accessibility Settings so if you open your settings
app
and go to general then Accessibility
when you go into voice-over
on you can actually turn on
a practice area if I turn VoiceOver on
Screen Reader: VoiceOver On, Paul: now I can go to VoiceOver Practice
SR: VoiceOver Practice, button
SR: VoiceOver Practice, Handwriting help, button
Touch Select item under your finger
Paul: so any gesture that I attempt in this voiceover practice area it will tell me what it does
depending on the finger combinations and the swipe
Two finger single tap pause or continue speech
two finger flick down read page started at selected item
two finger flick up read page starting at the top
Three finger single tap, Speak page number or rows being displayed.
Three finger double tap Toggle speech on and off.
Three finger triple tap Toggle screen curtain on and off.
Four finger single tap near top of screen. Move to the first element.
Four finger single tap near bottom of screen Move to the last element.
Flick right. Move to next item.
Flick left. Move to previous item.
Rotate clockwise select next rotor setting
Rotate counterclockwise Select previous rotor setting.
Flick down Move to next item using rotor setting.
Flick up Move to previous item using rotor setting.
Paul: OK so that is just a simple demonstration
of the VoiceOver Practice Feature
SR: VoiceOver off